Our next requirement is around Oracles.
Oracles are implemented as a server application.
The idea behind having a large number of Oracles as we discussed in the prior lesson,
is to ensure that we don't have to put a large amount of trust in any single Oracle.
Now, how do we work with that with a server application,
which in this case, will be a Node.js application?
Well, what we will do is wait for
the event that is triggered saying an Oracle needs to fetch information.
In your code, you will start up as many Oracles as are registered,
or you can choose the number of Oracles you want to register.
Once those Oracles are set up,
whenever the request comes in,
you would loop through them,
and depending on the Oracles that are assigned the request,
you can then decide what response they provide.
The easiest way would be to take a few of the status codes that are
available for reporting the status of a flight and randomize it across the Oracles.
Now, this is in Node.js,
so you have a slightly better access to tools for creating randomness there.
But in general, what you'll want to do is create a cluster of Oracles that in
the simulation resolve with the same status code and some that don't.
This will exercise your smart contract code which is checking to see
which Oracles are providing one type of information versus other,
and relying on the majority to make a decision.
Now, how will the Oracles actually know that they have to do it?
That's obviously with an event.
But where does that even come from?
Well, it originates with a button in the UI.
So in ordinary circumstances,
it would originate by a third party API notifying you
or your server app that the flight has landed or it has taken off as the case may be.
But since we don't have that capability,
we'll result to using a button in the client depth.
When you click the button,
it triggers an event.
That event communicates with the smart contract
and causes a request to be generated for the oracles to fetch data for a specific flight.
So that's the entire life cycle there of the Oracle involvement.
One thing you want to keep in mind is that the more Oracles you have,
the easier and more interesting your simulation becomes.
But obviously, it also takes more time to register
them and have them process during testing.
So my recommendation is that initially during testing,
you have a low number like 10 or 15 or perhaps 20.
But then when your app is mostly done,
start looking at what it's like to have 100 or 500 Oracles,
because the idea behind the project is to give you a sense
of what it's really like to develop such systems.
You'll get a better feel for it if you use
real-world numbers versus just focusing on the project requirements.
Once you do get the experience of seeing how a large number
of transactions come into your smart contract and how they can be handled.
So that's the basic requirements around Oracles.